know why i like being
spiderman because it's cool
peter parker harry osborne
ten years have passed what have you been doing i
network specialist
main brush all do brush brushes to you
it will be interesting you were under all the time
cap corporation score
why is it good to back all around
it turned out a lie I told you once that
for the secrets have
Here rich opaque I learned what many
need my invention
at
we count on you Peter Parker
wanted with a hero
until mother has time to pay
we hold a tremendous power
we can change our whole hunt 2
i made a choice this is my way
you can't do it alone
only I can stop them
I'm a spiderman
but
new spiderman high voltage but
I ran if it comes
dangerous in Russia i love you don't be angry